{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf810
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1. Semantic markup is marking up text or content so that it has meaning for a page.\
2. <Aside> describes content that is placed in. For example the <aside> tag could be placed as a sidebar in an article.\
<article> describes independent, self-contained content. It should make sense on its own and can be distributed independently from the rest of the site. Potential sources for the element are: forum posts, blog posts, news stories, comments.\
<section> describes a part of the document. \
<div> is a meaningless way to group some content that is not a section of the document. Sometimes used to group block elements to be styled in CSS.\
3. Header is the top portion of a html page, whereas head contains the meta data of the page such as page title, description, or styles.\
4. The alt attribute for images is what displays if an image can\'92t load, it is also used for accessibility and for SEO purposes.\
5. You can define your own selectors with class and id for css styling. This is useful because if you have two of the same html elements with different styles, you can differentiate them with class or id. Class is preceded by . and ID is preceded by #\
Id is used to identify one element, whereas class can be used to identify more than one.}